# ArduCopter Parameters

Name | Possible Value | Increment | Unit | Range | Read Only | Title | Description
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---| --- | ---
ACRO_BAL_PITCH | 1 | 0.1 |  | 0 - 3 |  | Acro Balance Pitch | rate at which pitch angle returns to level in acro mode. A higher value causes the vehicle to return to level faster.
ACRO_BAL_ROLL | 1 | 0.1 |  | 0 - 3 |  | Acro Balance Roll | rate at which roll angle returns to level in acro mode. A higher value causes the vehicle to return to level faster.
ACRO_EXPO | 0.3 | 0.1 |  | 0:Disabled<br/>0.3:Medium<br/>0.5:Very High<br/>0.1:Very Low<br/>0.2:Low<br/>0.4:High<br/> |  | Acro Expo | Acro roll/pitch Expo to allow faster rotation when stick at edges
ACRO_RP_P | 4.5 | 1 |  | |  |  | Converts pilot roll and pitch into a desired rate of rotation in ACRO and SPORT mode. Higher values mean faster rate of rotation.
ACRO_TRAINER | 2 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Leveling<br/>2:LevelingAndLimited<br/> |  | Acro Trainer | 
ACRO_YAW_P | 4.5 | 1 |  | |  |  | Converts pilot yaw input into a desired rate of rotation in ACRO, Stabilize and SPORT modes. Higher values mean faster rate of rotation.
AHRS_COMP_BETA | 0.1 | 0.01 |  | 0.001 - 0.5 |  | AHRS Velocity Complementary Filter Beta Coefficient | This controls the time constant for the cross-over frequency used to fuse AHRS (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,airspeed and heading) and GPS data to estimate ground velocity. Time constant is 0.1/beta. A larger time constant will use GPS data less and a small time constant will use air data less.
AHRS_GPS_GAIN | 1 | 0.01 |  | 0.0 - 1.0 |  | AHRS GPS gain | This controls how how much to use the GPS to correct the attitude. This should never be set to zero for a plane as it would result in the plane losing control in turns. For a plane please use the default value of 1.0.
AHRS_GPS_MINSATS | 6 | 1 |  | 0 - 10 |  | AHRS GPS Minimum satellites | Minimum number of satellites visible to use GPS for velocity based corrections attitude correction. This defaults to 6, which is about the point at which the velocity numbers from a GPS become too unreliable for accurate correction of the accelerometers.
AHRS_GPS_USE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  | AHRS use GPS for navigation | This controls whether to use dead-reckoning or GPS based navigation. If set to 0 then the GPS won’t be used for navigation, and only dead reckoning will be used. A value of zero should never be used for normal flight. Currently this affects only the DCM-based AHRS: the EKF uses GPS whenever it is available.
AHRS_ORIENTATION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:None<br/>1:Yaw45<br/>2:Yaw90<br/>3:Yaw135<br/>4:Yaw180<br/>5:Yaw225<br/>6:Yaw270<br/>7:Yaw315<br/>8:Roll180<br/>9:Roll180Yaw45<br/>10:Roll180Yaw90<br/>11:Roll180Yaw135<br/>12:Pitch180<br/>13:Roll180Yaw225<br/>14:Roll180Yaw270<br/>15:Roll180Yaw315<br/>16:Roll90<br/>17:Roll90Yaw45<br/>18:Roll90Yaw90<br/>19:Roll90Yaw135<br/>20:Roll270<br/>21:Roll270Yaw45<br/>22:Roll270Yaw90<br/>23:Roll270Yaw136<br/>24:Pitch90<br/>25:Pitch270<br/>26:Pitch180Yaw90<br/>27:Pitch180Yaw270<br/>28:Roll90Pitch90<br/>29:Roll180Pitch90<br/>30:Roll270Pitch90<br/>31:Roll90Pitch180<br/>32:Roll270Pitch180<br/>33:Roll90Pitch270<br/>34:Roll180Pitch270<br/>35:Roll270Pitch270<br/>36:Roll90Pitch180Yaw90<br/>37:Roll90Yaw270<br/> |  | Board Orientation | Overall board orientation relative to the standard orientation for the board type. This rotates the IMU and compass readings to allow the board to be oriented in your vehicle at any 90 or 45 degree angle. This option takes affect on next boot. After changing you will need to re-level your vehicle.
AHRS_RP_P | 0.1 | 0.01 |  | 0.1 - 0.4 |  | AHRS RP_P | This controls how fast the accelerometers correct the attitude
AHRS_TRIM_X | 4.882812E-4 | 0.01 | radian | -0.1745 - 0.1745 |  | AHRS Trim Roll | Compensates for the roll angle difference between the control board and the frame. Positive values make the vehicle roll right.
AHRS_TRIM_Y | 0.02518386 | 0.01 | radian | -0.1745 - 0.1745 |  | AHRS Trim Pitch | Compensates for the pitch angle difference between the control board and the frame. Positive values make the vehicle pitch up/back.
AHRS_TRIM_Z | 0 | 0.01 | radian | -0.1745 - 0.1745 |  | AHRS Trim Yaw | Not Used
AHRS_WIND_MAX | 0 | 1 | m/s | 0 - 127 |  | Maximum wind | This sets the maximum allowable difference between ground speed and airspeed. This allows the plane to cope with a failing airspeed sensor. A value of zero means to use the airspeed as is.
AHRS_YAW_P | 0.1 | 1 |  | 0.1 - 0.4 |  |  | This controls the weight the compass or GPS has on the heading. A higher value means the heading will track the yaw source (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,GPS or compass) more rapidly.
ANGLE_MAX | 4500 | 1 | centidegree | 1000 - 8000 |  | Angle Max | Maximum lean angle in all flight modes
ARMING_CHECK | 94 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>-17:SkipINS<br/>-33:SkipParams/Rangefinder<br/>-65:SkipRC<br/>1:Enabled<br/>-3:SkipBaro<br/>-5:SkipCompass<br/>-9:SkipGPS<br/>127:SkipVoltage<br/> |  |  | Allows enabling or disabling of pre-arming checks of receiver, accelerometer, barometer, compass and GPS
ATC_ACCEL_RP_MAX | 0 | 1000 | centidegrees/s/s | 0:Disabled<br/>18000:Slow<br/>36000:Medium<br/>54000:Fast<br/>9000:VerySlow<br/> |  | Acceleration Max for Roll/Pitch | Maximum acceleration in roll/pitch axis
ATC_ACCEL_Y_MAX | 0 | 1000 | centidegrees/s/s | 0:Disabled<br/>18000:Slow<br/>36000:Medium<br/>54000:Fast<br/>9000:VerySlow<br/> |  | Acceleration Max for Yaw | Maximum acceleration in yaw axis
ATC_RATE_FF_ENAB | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | Controls whether body-frame rate feedforward is enabled or disabled
ATC_RATE_RP_MAX | 18000 | 1 | deg/s | 0:Disabled<br/>720:Medium<br/>360:Slow<br/>1080:Fast<br/> |  | Angular Velocity Max for Pitch/Roll | Maximum angular velocity in pitch/roll axis
ATC_RATE_Y_MAX | 9000 | 1 | deg/s | 0:Disabled<br/>720:Medium<br/>360:Slow<br/>1080:Fast<br/> |  | Angular Velocity Max for Yaw | Maximum angular velocity in yaw axis
ATC_SLEW_YAW | 1000 | 1 | centidegrees/s | 500 - 18000 |  | Yaw target slew rate | Maximum rate the yaw target can be updated in Loiter, RTL, Auto flight modes
BAROGLTCH_ACCEL | 1500 | 100 | cm/s/s | 100 - 2000 |  | Baro glitch protection’s max vehicle acceleration assumption | Baro glitch protection’s max vehicle acceleration assumption
BAROGLTCH_DIST | 500 | 100 | cm | 100 - 2000 |  | Baro glitch protection distance within which alt update is immediately accepted | Baro glitch protection distance within which alt update is immediately accepted
BAROGLTCH_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  | Baro Glitch protection enable/disable | Allows you to enable (1) or disable (0) baro glitch protection
BATT_AMP_OFFSET | 0 | 1 | volt | |  | AMP offset | Voltage offset at zero current on current sensor
BATT_AMP_PERVOLT | 17 | 1 | amper/volt | |  | Amps per volt | Number of amps that a 1V reading on the current sensor corresponds to. On the APM2 or Pixhawk using the 3DR Power brick this should be set to 17. For the Pixhawk with the 3DR 4in1 ESC this should be 17.
BATT_AMP_PERVLT | 17 | 1 | amper/volt | |  | Amps per volt | Number of amps that a 1V reading on the current sensor corresponds to. On the APM2 or Pixhawk using the 3DR Power brick this should be set to 17. For the Pixhawk with the 3DR 4in1 ESC this should be 17.
BATT_CAPACITY | 4000 | 1 | mAh | |  | Battery capacity | Capacity of the battery in mAh when full
BATT_CURR_PIN | 3 | 1 | list | -1:Disabled<br/>1:A1<br/>2:A2<br/>3:Pixhawk<br/>101:PX4<br/>12:A12<br/> |  |  | Setting this to 0 ~ 13 will enable battery current sensing on pins A0 ~ A13. For the 3DR power brick on APM2.5 it should be set to 12. On the PX4 it should be set to 101. On the Pixhawk powered from the PM connector it should be set to 3.
BATT_MONITOR | 4 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>3:Analog_Voltage_Only<br/>4:Analog_Voltage_and_Current<br/>5:SMBus<br/>6:Bebop<br/> |  | Battery monitoring | Controls enabling monitoring of the battery's voltage and current
BATT_VOLT_MULT | 10.1 | 1 |  | |  | Voltage Multiplier | Used to convert the voltage of the voltage sensing pin (BATT_VOLT_PIN) to the actual battery's voltage (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,pin_voltage * VOLT_MULT). For the 3DR Power brick on APM2 or Pixhawk, this should be set to 10.1. For the Pixhawk with the 3DR 4in1 ESC this should be 12.02. For the PX4 using the PX4IO power supply this should be set to 1.
BATT_VOLT_PIN | 2 | 1 | list | -1:Disabled<br/>0:A0<br/>1:A1<br/>2:Pixhawk<br/>100:PX4<br/>13:A13<br/> |  | Battery Voltage sensing pin | Setting this to 0 ~ 13 will enable battery voltage sensing on pins A0 ~ A13. For the 3DR power brick on APM2.5 it should be set to 13. On the PX4 it should be set to 100. On the Pixhawk powered from the PM connector it should be set to 2.
BATT_VOLT2_MULT | 1 | 1 |  | |  | Voltage Multiplier | Used to convert the voltage of the voltage sensing pin (BATT_VOLT_PIN) to the actual battery’s voltage (pin_voltage * VOLT_MULT). For the 3DR Power brick with a Pixhawk, this should be set to 10.1. For the Pixhawk with the 3DR 4in1 ESC this should be 12.02. For the PX using the PX4IO power supply this should be set to 1
BATT_VOLT2_PIN | -1 | 1 | list | -1:Disabled<br/>0:A0<br/>1:A1<br/>2:Pixhawk<br/>100:PX4<br/>13:A13<br/> |  | Battery Voltage sensing pin | Sets the analog input pin that should be used for voltage monitoring.
CAM_DURATION | 10 | 1 | decisecond | 0 - 50 |  | Duration that shutter is held open | How long the shutter will be held open in 10ths of a second (i.e. enter 10 for 1second, 50 for 5seconds)
CAM_SERVO_OFF | 1100 | 1 | PWM/ms | 1000 - 2000 |  | Servo OFF PWM value | PWM value to move servo to when shutter is deactivated
CAM_SERVO_ON | 1300 | 1 | PWM/ms | 1000 - 2000 |  | Servo ON PWM value | PWM value to move servo to when shutter is activated
CAM_TRIGG_DIST | 0 | 1 | meter | 0 - 1000 |  | Camera trigger distance | Distance in meters between camera triggers. If this value is non-zero then the camera will trigger whenever the GPS position changes by this number of meters regardless of what mode the APM is in. Note that this parameter can also be set in an auto mission using the DO_SET_CAM_TRIGG_DIST command, allowing you to enable/disable the triggering of the camera during the flight.
CAM_TRIGG_TYPE | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Servo<br/>1:Relay<br/> |  | Camera shutter (trigger) type | how to trigger the camera to take a picture
CH7_OPT | 17 | 1 | list | 0:DoNothing<br/>2:Flip<br/>3:SimpleMode<br/>4:RTL<br/>5:SaveTrim<br/>7:SaveWP<br/>9:CameraTrigger<br/>10:RangeFinder<br/>11:Fence<br/>13:SuperSimpleMode<br/>14:AcroTrainer<br/>15:Sprayer<br/>16:Auto<br/>17:AutoTune<br/>18:Land<br/>19:EPM<br/>21:ParachuteEnable<br/>22:ParachuteRelease<br/>23:Parachute3pos<br/>24:AutoMissionReset<br/>25:AttConFeedForward<br/>26:AttConAccelLimits<br/>27:RetractMount<br/>28:Relay-On/Off<br/>29:Landing-Gear<br/>30:Lost-Copter-Sound<br/>31:Motor-Emergency-Stop<br/>32:MotorInterlock<br/>33:Brake<br/>34:Relay2-On/Off<br/>35:Relay3-On/Off<br/>36:Relay4-On/Off<br/>37:Throw<br/>38:Avoidance<br/> |  | Channel 7 option | Select which function is performed when CH7 is above 1800 pwm
CH8_OPT | 0 | 1 | list | 0:DoNothing<br/>2:Flip<br/>3:SimpleMode<br/>4:RTL<br/>5:SaveTrim<br/>7:SaveWP<br/>9:CameraTrigger<br/>10:RangeFinder<br/>11:Fence<br/>13:SuperSimpleMode<br/>14:AcroTrainer<br/>15:Sprayer<br/>16:Auto<br/>17:AutoTune<br/>18:Land<br/>19:EPM<br/>21:ParachuteEnable<br/>22:ParachuteRelease<br/>23:Parachute3pos<br/>24:AutoMissionReset<br/>25:AttConFeedForward<br/>26:AttConAccelLimitsRetractMount<br/>28:Relay-On/Off<br/>29:Landing-Gear<br/>30:Lost-Copter-Sound<br/>31:Motor-Emergency-Stop<br/>32:MotorInterlock<br/>33:Brake<br/>34:Relay2-On/Off<br/>35:Relay3-On/Off<br/>36:Relay4-On/Off<br/>37:Throw<br/>38:Avoidance<br/> |  | Channel 8 option | Select which function is performed when CH8 is above 1800 pwm
CIRCLE_RADIUS | 500 | 1 | cm | 0 - 10000 |  |  | Defines the radius of the circle the vehicle will fly when in Circle flight mode
CIRCLE_RATE | 20 | 1 | deg/s | -90 - 90 |  |  | Circle mode's turn rate in deg/sec. Positive to turn clockwise, negative for counter clockwise
COMPASS_AUTODEC | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  | Auto Declination | Enable or disable the automatic calculation of the declination based on gps location
COMPASS_DEC | 0.06941485 | 0.01 | radian | -3.142 - 3.142 |  | Compass declination | An angle to compensate between the true north and magnetic north
COMPASS_EXTERNAL | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Internal<br/>1:External<br/>2:ForcedExternal<br/> |  |  | Configure compass so it is attached externally. This is auto-detected on PX4 and Pixhawk. Set to 1 if the compass is externally connected. When externally connected the COMPASS_ORIENT option operates independently of the AHRS_ORIENTATION board orientation option. If set to 0 or 1 then auto-detection by bus connection can override the value. If set to 2 then auto-detection will be disabled.
COMPASS_LEARN | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Internal-Learning<br/>2:EKF-Learning<br/> |  | Learn compass offsets automatically | Enable or disable the automatic learning of compass offsets. You can enable learning either using a compass-only method that is suitable only for fixed wing aircraft or using the offsets learnt by the active EKF state estimator. If this option is enabled then the learnt offsets are saved when you disarm the vehicle.
COMPASS_MOT_X | 0 | 1 | milligauss/amper | -1000 - 1000 |  | Motor interference compensation for body frame X axis | Multiplied by the current throttle and added to the compass's x-axis values to compensate for motor interference
COMPASS_MOT_Y | 0 | 1 | milligauss/amper | -1000 - 1000 |  | Motor interference compensation for body frame Y axis | Multiplied by the current throttle and added to the compass's y-axis values to compensate for motor interference
COMPASS_MOT_Z | 0 | 1 | milligauss/amper | -1000 - 1000 |  | Motor interference compensation for body frame Z axis | Multiplied by the current throttle and added to the compass's z-axis values to compensate for motor interference
COMPASS_MOTCT | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:UseThrottle<br/>2:UseCurrent<br/> |  | Motor interference compensation type | Set motor interference compensation type to disabled, throttle or current. Do not change manually.
COMPASS_OFS_X | -98 | 1 | milligauss | -400 - 400 |  | Compass offsets in milligauss on the X axis | Offset to be added to the compass x-axis values to compensate for metal in the frame
COMPASS_OFS_Y | 29 | 1 | milligauss | -400 - 400 |  | Compass offsets in milligauss on the Y axis | Offset to be added to the compass y-axis values to compensate for metal in the frame
COMPASS_OFS_Z | -18 | 1 | milligauss | -400 - 400 |  | Compass offsets in milligauss on the X axis | Offset to be added to the compass z-axis values to compensate for metal in the frame
COMPASS_ORIENT | 0 | 1 | list | 0:None<br/>1:Yaw45<br/>2:Yaw90<br/>3:Yaw135<br/>4:Yaw180<br/>5:Yaw225<br/>6:Yaw270<br/>7:Yaw315<br/>8:Roll180<br/>9:Roll180Yaw45<br/>10:Roll180Yaw90<br/>11:Roll180Yaw135<br/>12:Pitch180<br/>13:Roll180Yaw225<br/>14:Roll180Yaw270<br/>15:Roll180Yaw315<br/>16:Roll90<br/>17:Roll90Yaw45<br/>18:Roll90Yaw90<br/>19:Roll90Yaw135<br/>20:Roll270<br/>21:Roll270Yaw45<br/>22:Roll270Yaw90<br/>23:Roll270Yaw136<br/>24:Pitch90<br/>25:Pitch270<br/>26:Pitch180Yaw90<br/>27:Pitch180Yaw270<br/>28:Roll90Pitch90<br/>29:Roll180Pitch90<br/>30:Roll270Pitch90<br/>31:Roll90Pitch180<br/>32:Roll270Pitch180<br/>33:Roll90Pitch270<br/>34:Roll180Pitch270<br/>35:Roll270Pitch270<br/>36:Roll90Pitch180Yaw90<br/>37:Roll90Yaw270<br/>38:Yaw293Pitch68Roll90<br/> |  |  | The orientation of the compass relative to the autopilot board. This will default to the right value for each board type, but can be changed if you have an external compass. See the documentation for your external compass for the right value. The correct orientation should give the X axis forward, the Y axis to the right and the Z axis down. So if your aircraft is pointing west it should show a positive value for the Y axis, and a value close to zero for the X axis. On a PX4 or Pixhawk with an external compass the correct value is zero if the compass is correctly oriented. NOTE: This orientation is combined with any AHRS_ORIENTATION setting.
COMPASS_USE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  | Use compass for yaw | Enable or disable the use of the compass (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,instead of the GPS) for determining heading
DCM_CHECK_THRESH | 0.8 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>0.8:Default<br/>0.98:Relaxed<br/> |  | DCM yaw error threshold | Allows setting the maximum acceptable yaw error as a sin of the yaw error (0 to disable check)
EKF_CHECK_THRESH | 0.8 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1.0:Relaxed<br/>0.8:Default<br/> |  | EKF check compass and velocity variance threshold | Allows setting the maximum acceptable compass and velocity variance (0 to disable check)
ESC | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Normal Start-up<br/>1:Start-up in ESC Calibration mode if throttle high<br/>2:Start-up in ESC Calibration mode regardless of throttle<br/> |  | ESC Calibration | Controls whether ArduCopter will enter ESC calibration on the next restart. Do not adjust this parameter manually
FENCE_ACTION | 1 | 1 | list | 0:ReportOnly<br/>1:RTL-or-Land<br/> |  |  | What action should be taken when fence is breached
FENCE_ALT_MAX | 100 | 1 | meter | 10 - 1000 |  | Fence Maximum Altitude | Maximum altitude allowed before geofence triggers
FENCE_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | Allows you to enable (1) or disable (0) the fence functionality
FENCE_MARGIN | 2 | 1 | meter | 1 - 10 |  | Fence Margin | Distance that autopilot's should maintain from the fence to avoid a breach
FENCE_RADIUS | 300 | 1 | meter | 30 - 10000 |  |  | Circle fence radius which when breached will cause an RTL
FENCE_TYPE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:None<br/>1:Altitude<br/>2:Circle<br/>3:AltitudeAndCircle<br/>4:Polygon<br/>5:AltitudeAndPolygon<br/>6:CircleAndPolygon<br/>7:All<br/> |  |  | Enabled fence types held as bitmask
FLOW_ENABLE | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Enabled(1) will enable optical flow. Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will disable optical flow
FLTMODE1 | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Stabilize<br/>1:Acro<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Auto<br/>4:Guided<br/>5:Loiter<br/>6:RTL<br/>7:Circle<br/>9:Land<br/>11:Drift<br/>13:Sport<br/>14:Flip<br/>15:AutoTune<br/>16:PosHold<br/>17:Brake<br/>18:Throw<br/>19:Avoid_ADSB<br/>20:Guided_NoGPS<br/> |  |  | Flight mode when Channel 5 pwm is <= 1230
FLTMODE2 | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Stabilize<br/>1:Acro<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Auto<br/>4:Guided<br/>5:Loiter<br/>6:RTL<br/>7:Circle<br/>9:Land<br/>11:Drift<br/>13:Sport<br/>14:Flip<br/>15:AutoTune<br/>16:PosHold<br/>17:Brake<br/>18:Throw<br/>19:Avoid_ADSB<br/>20:Guided_NoGPS<br/> |  |  | Flight mode when Channel 5 pwm is >1230, <= 1360
FLTMODE3 | 16 | 1 | list | 0:Stabilize<br/>1:Acro<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Auto<br/>4:Guided<br/>5:Loiter<br/>6:RTL<br/>7:Circle<br/>9:Land<br/>11:Drift<br/>13:Sport<br/>14:Flip<br/>15:AutoTune<br/>16:PosHold<br/>17:Brake<br/>18:Throw<br/>19:Avoid_ADSB<br/>20:Guided_NoGPS<br/> |  |  | Flight mode when Channel 5 pwm is >1360, <= 1490
FLTMODE4 | 16 | 1 | list | 0:Stabilize<br/>1:Acro<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Auto<br/>4:Guided<br/>5:Loiter<br/>6:RTL<br/>7:Circle<br/>9:Land<br/>11:Drift<br/>13:Sport<br/>14:Flip<br/>15:AutoTune<br/>16:PosHold<br/>17:Brake<br/>18:Throw<br/>19:Avoid_ADSB<br/>20:Guided_NoGPS<br/> |  |  | Flight mode when Channel 5 pwm is >1490, <= 1620
FLTMODE5 | 6 | 1 | list | 0:Stabilize<br/>1:Acro<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Auto<br/>4:Guided<br/>5:Loiter<br/>6:RTL<br/>7:Circle<br/>9:Land<br/>11:Drift<br/>13:Sport<br/>14:Flip<br/>15:AutoTune<br/>16:PosHold<br/>17:Brake<br/>18:Throw<br/>19:Avoid_ADSB<br/>20:Guided_NoGPS<br/> |  |  | Flight mode when Channel 5 pwm is >1620, <= 1749
FLTMODE6 | 6 | 1 | list | 0:Stabilize<br/>1:Acro<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Auto<br/>4:Guided<br/>5:Loiter<br/>6:RTL<br/>7:Circle<br/>9:Land<br/>11:Drift<br/>13:Sport<br/>14:Flip<br/>15:AutoTune<br/>16:PosHold<br/>17:Brake<br/>18:Throw<br/>19:Avoid_ADSB<br/>20:Guided_NoGPS<br/> |  |  | Flight mode when Channel 5 pwm is >=1750
FRAME | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Plus<br/>1:X<br/>2:V<br/>3:H<br/>4:V-Tail<br/>5:A-Tail<br/>10:Y6B-New)<br/> |  |  | Controls motor mixing for multicopters. Not used for Tri or Traditional Helicopters.
FS_BATT_ENABLE | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Land<br/>2:RTL<br/> |  |  | Controls whether failsafe will be invoked when battery voltage or current runs low
FS_BATT_MAH | 0 | 1 | mAh | |  |  | Battery capacity remaining to trigger failsafe. Set to 0 to disable battery remaining failsafe. If the battery remaining drops below this level then the copter will RTL
FS_BATT_VOLTAGE | 14 | 1 | volt | |  |  | Battery voltage to trigger failsafe. Set to 0 to disable battery voltage failsafe. If the battery voltage drops below this voltage then the copter will RTL
FS_GCS_ENABLE | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled_always_RTL<br/>2:Enabled_Continue_with_Mission_in_Auto_Mode<br/> |  |  | Controls whether failsafe will be invoked (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,and what action to take) when connection with Ground station is lost for at least 5 seconds. NB. The GCS Failsafe is only active when RC_OVERRIDE is being used to control the vehicle.
FS_GPS_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Land<br/>2:AltHold<br/>3:Land even from Stabilize<br/> |  | GPS Failsafe Enable | Controls what action will be taken if GPS signal is lost for at least 5 seconds
FS_THR_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled_Always_RTL<br/>2:Enabled_Continue_with_Mission_in_Auto_Mode<br/>3:Enabled_Always_LAND<br/> |  |  | The throttle failsafe allows you to configure a software failsafe activated by a setting on the throttle input channel
FS_THR_VALUE | 975 | 1 | PWM | 925 - 1100 |  |  | The PWM level on channel 3 below which throttle failsafe triggers
GND_ABS_PRESS | 50362.25 | 1 | pascal | | V |  | calibrated ground pressure in PASCAL
GND_ALT_OFFSET | 0 | 1 | meter | |  |  | altitude offset in meters added to barometric altitude. This is used to allow for automatic adjustment of the base barometric altitude by a ground station equipped with a barometer. The value is added to the barometric altitude read by the aircraft. It is automatically reset to 0 when the barometer is calibrated on each reboot or when a preflight calibration is performed.
GND_TEMP | 29.32966 | 1 | degrees-celsius | |  |  | calibrated ground temperature in degrees Celsius
GPS_HDOP_GOOD | 230 | 1 |  | 100 - 900 |  | GPS Hdop Good | GPS Hdop value at or below this value represent a good position. Used for pre-arm checks
GPS_NAVFILTER | 8 | 1 | list | 0:Portable<br/>2:Stationary<br/>3:Pedestrian<br/>4:Automotive<br/>5:Sea<br/>6:Airborne1G<br/>7:Airborne2G<br/>8:Airborne4G<br/> |  |  | Navigation filter engine setting
GPS_TYPE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:None<br/>1:AUTO<br/>2:uBlox<br/>3:MTK<br/>4:MTK19<br/>5:NMEA<br/>6:SiRF<br/>7:HIL<br/>8:SwiftNav<br/>9:PX4-UAVCAN<br/>10:SBF<br/>11:GSOF<br/>12:QURT<br/>13:ERB<br/>14:MAV<br/>15:NOVA<br/> |  |  | GPS type
GPSGLITCH_ACCEL | 1000 | 100 | centidegrees/s/s | 100 - 2000 |  | GPS glitch protection - accel | GPS glitch protection’s max vehicle acceleration assumption
GPSGLITCH_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  | GPS Glitch protection enable/disable | Allows you to enable (1) or disable (0) gps glitch protection
GPSGLITCH_RADIUS | 200 | 100 | cm | 100 - 2000 |  | GPS glitch protection - radius | GPS glitch protection radius within which all new positions are accepted
HLD_LAT_P | 1 | 0.001 |  | 0.5 - 2.0 |  | Loiter position controller P gain | Loiter position controller P gain. Converts the distance (in the latitude direction) to the target location into a desired speed which is then passed to the loiter latitude rate controller
INAV_TC_XY | 2.5 | 0.1 |  | 0 - 10 |  | Horizontal Time Constant | Time constant for GPS and accel mixing. Higher TC decreases GPS impact on position estimate
INAV_TC_Z | 5 | 0.1 |  | 0 - 10 |  | Vertical Time Constant | Time constant for baro and accel mixing. Higher TC decreases barometers impact on altitude estimate
INS_ACCOFFS_X | 0.02704384 | 1 | m/s/s | -3.5 - 3.5 |  | Accelerometer offsets of X axis | This is setup using the acceleration calibration or level operations
INS_ACCOFFS_Y | 0.07232188 | 1 | m/s/s | -3.5 - 3.5 |  | Accelerometer offsets of Y axis | This is setup using the acceleration calibration or level operations
INS_ACCOFFS_Z | -0.2916607 | 1 | m/s/s | -3.5 - 3.5 |  | Accelerometer offsets of Z axis | This is setup using the acceleration calibration or level operations
INS_ACCSCAL_X | 0.9998162 | 1 |  | 0.8 - 1.2 |  | Accelerometer scaling of X axis | Calculated during acceleration calibration routine
INS_ACCSCAL_Y | 0.9920868 | 1 |  | 0.8 - 1.2 |  | Accelerometer scaling of Y axis | Calculated during acceleration calibration routine
INS_ACCSCAL_Z | 1.0001 | 1 |  | 0.8 - 1.2 |  | Accelerometer scaling of Z axis | Calculated during acceleration calibration routine
INS_GYROFFS_X | -0.003293759 | 1 | rad/s | |  | Gyro sensor offsets of X axis | This is setup on each boot during gyro calibrations
INS_GYROFFS_Y | -0.07851811 | 1 | rad/s | |  | Gyro sensor offsets of Y axis | This is setup on each boot during gyro calibrations
INS_GYROFFS_Z | 0.02421099 | 1 | rad/s | |  | Gyro sensor offsets of Z axis | This is setup on each boot during gyro calibrations
INS_MPU6K_FILTER | 0 | 1 | Hz | 0:Default<br/>98:98Hz<br/>20:20Hz<br/>5:5Hz<br/>10:10Hz<br/>42:42Hz<br/> |  | MPU6000 filter frequency | Filter frequency to ask the MPU6000 to apply to samples. This can be set to a lower value to try to cope with very high vibration levels in aircraft. The default value on ArduPlane, APMrover2 and ArduCopter is 20Hz. This option takes effect on the next reboot or gyro initialisation
INS_PRODUCT_ID | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Unknown<br/>256:unused<br/>1:unused<br/>257:Linux<br/>2:unused<br/>3:SITL<br/>4:PX4v1<br/>5:PX4v2<br/>88:unused<br/> |  |  | Which type of IMU is installed (read-only).
LAND_REPOSITION | 1 | 1 | list | 0:NoRepositioning<br/>1:Repositioning<br/> |  |  | Enables user input during LAND mode, the landing phase of RTL, and auto mode landings.
LAND_SPEED | 50 | 1 | cm/s | 30 - 200 |  |  | The descent speed for the final stage of landing in CENTIMETER/s
LOG_BITMASK | 26622 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>-6146:NearlyAll-AC315<br/>655358:All+FullIMU<br/>397310:All+FastIMU+PID<br/>393214:All+FastIMU<br/>262142:All+MotBatt<br/>830:Default<br/>894:Default+RCIN<br/>958:Default+IMU<br/>1854:Default+Motors<br/>45054:NearlyAll<br/>131071:All+FastATT<br/> |  |  | 4 byte bitmap of log types to enable, Bitmask: 0:ATTITUDE_FAST,1:ATTITUDE_MED,2:GPS,3:PM,4:CTUN,5:NTUN,6:RCIN,7:IMU,8:CMD,9:CURRENT,10:RCOUT,11:OPTFLOW,12:PID,13:COMPASS,14:INAV,15:CAMERA,17:MOTBATT,18:IMU_FAST,19:IMU_RAW
LOITER_LAT_D | 0 | 0.01 |  | 0 - 0.6 |  | Loiter latitude rate controller D gain | Loiter latitude rate controller D gain. Compensates for short-term change in desired speed vs actual speed
LOITER_LAT_I | 0.5 | 0.01 |  | 0.02 - 1.0 |  | Loiter latitude rate controller I gain | Loiter latitude rate controller I gain. Corrects long-term difference in desired speed and actual speed in the latitude direction
LOITER_LAT_IMAX | 1000 | 10 | centidegree | 0 - 4500 |  | Loiter rate controller I gain maximum | Loiter rate controller I gain maximum. Constrains the lean angle that the I gain will output
LOITER_LAT_P | 1 | 0.1 |  | 0.1 - 6 |  | Loiter latitude rate controller P gain  | Loiter latitude rate controller P gain. Converts the difference between desired speed and actual speed into a lean angle in the latitude direction
LOITER_LON_D | 0 | 0.01 |  | 0 - 0.6 |  | Loiter longitude rate controller D gain | Loiter longitude rate controller D gain. Compensates for short-term change in desired speed vs actual speed
LOITER_LON_I | 0.5 | 0.01 |  | 0.02 - 1.0 |  | Loiter longitude rate controller I gain | Loiter longitude rate controller I gain. Corrects long-term difference in desired speed and actual speed in the longitude direction
LOITER_LON_IMAX | 1000 | 10 | centidegree | 0 - 4500 |  |  | Loiter longitude rate controller I gain maximum. Constrains the lean angle that the I gain will output
LOITER_LON_P | 1 | 0.1 |  | 0.1 - 6 |  | Loiter longitude rate controller P gain  | Loiter longitude rate controller P gain. Converts the difference between desired speed and actual speed into a lean angle in the longitude direction
MAG_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Enabled(1) will enable the compass. Setting this to Disabled(0) will disable the compass
MIS_RESTART | 0 | 1 | list | 0:ResumeMission<br/>1:RestartMission<br/> |  | Mission Restart when entering Auto mode | Controls mission starting point when entering Auto mode (either restart from beginning of mission or resume from last command run)
MIS_TOTAL | 6 | 1 |  | 0 - 32766 | V | Total mission commands | The number of mission mission items that has been loaded by the ground station. Do not change this manually.
MNT_ANGMAX_PAN | 4500 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  |  | Maximum physical pan (yaw) angular position of the mount
MNT_ANGMAX_ROL | 4500 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  |  | Maximum physical roll angular position of the mount
MNT_ANGMAX_TIL | 0 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  |  | Maximum physical tilt (pitch) angular position of the mount
MNT_ANGMIN_PAN | -4500 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  |  | Minimum physical pan (yaw) angular position of mount.
MNT_ANGMIN_ROL | -4500 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  |  | Minimum physical roll angular position of mount.
MNT_ANGMIN_TIL | -9000 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  |  | Minimum physical tilt (pitch) angular position of mount.
MNT_CONTROL_X | 0 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  | Mount roll angle | Mount roll angle when in MavLink or RC control operation mode
MNT_CONTROL_Y | 0 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  | Mount tilt/pitch | Mount tilt/pitch angle when in MavLink or RC control operation mode
MNT_CONTROL_Z | 0 | 1 | centidegree | -18000 - 17999 |  | Mount pan/yaw angle | Mount pan/yaw angle when in MavLink or RC control operation mode
MNT_JSTICK_SPD | 0 | 1 |  | 0 - 100 |  | mount joystick speed | 0 for position control, small for low speeds, 100 for max speed. A good general value is 10 which gives a movement speed of 3 degrees per second.
MNT_MODE | 3 | 1 | list | 0:RETRACT<br/>1:MODE_NEUTRAL<br/>2:MAVLINK_TARGETING<br/>3:RC_TARGETING<br/>4:GPS_POINT<br/> |  | Mount Operation Mode | Camera or antenna mount operation mode, check MAV_MOUNT_MODE class
MNT_NEUTRAL_X | 0 | 1 | degree | -180.0 - 179.99 |  |  | Mount roll angle when in neutral position
MNT_NEUTRAL_Y | 0 | 1 | degree | -180.0 - 179.99 |  |  | Mount tilt/pitch angle when in neutral position
MNT_NEUTRAL_Z | 0 | 1 | degree | -180.0 - 179.99 |  |  | Mount pan/yaw angle when in neutral position
MNT_RC_IN_PAN | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>5:RC5<br/>6:RC6<br/>7:RC7<br/>8:RC8<br/>9:RC9<br/>10:RC10<br/>11:RC11<br/>12:RC12<br/> |  |  | 0 for none, any other for the RC channel to be used to control pan (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,yaw) movements
MNT_RC_IN_ROLL | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>5:RC5<br/>6:RC6<br/>7:RC7<br/>8:RC8<br/>9:RC9<br/>10:RC10<br/>11:RC11<br/>12:RC12<br/> |  |  | 0 for none, any other for the RC channel to be used to control roll movements
MNT_RC_IN_TILT | 6 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>5:RC5<br/>6:RC6<br/>7:RC7<br/>8:RC8<br/>9:RC9<br/>10:RC10<br/>11:RC11<br/>12:RC12<br/> |  |  | 0 for none, any other for the RC channel to be used to control tilt (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,pitch) movements
MNT_RETRACT_X | 0 | 1 | degree | -180.0 - 179.99 |  |  | Mount roll angle when in retracted position
MNT_RETRACT_Y | 0 | 1 | degree | -180.0 - 179.99 |  |  | Mount tilt/pitch angle when in retracted position
MNT_RETRACT_Z | 0 | 1 | degree | -180.0 - 179.99 |  |  | Mount yaw/pan angle when in retracted position
MNT_STAB_PAN | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | enable pan/yaw stabilisation relative to Earth
MNT_STAB_ROLL | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | enable roll stabilisation relative to Earth
MNT_STAB_TILT | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  |  | enable tilt/pitch stabilisation relative to Earth
MOT_SPIN_ARMED | 90 | 1 |  | 0:Do Not Spin<br/>130:Medium<br/>100:Slow<br/>70:VerySlow<br/>150:Fast<br/> |  | Motors always spin when armed | Controls whether motors always spin when armed (must be below THR_MIN)
MOT_TCRV_ENABLE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Enabled<br/> |  | Thrust Curve Enable | Controls whether a curve is used to linearize the thrust produced by the motors
MOT_TCRV_MAXPCT | 93 | 1 | percent | 20 - 80 |  | Thrust Curve max thrust percentage | Set to the lowest pwm position that produces the maximum thrust of the motors. Most motors produce maximum thrust below the maximum pwm value that they accept
MOT_TCRV_MIDPCT | 52 | 1 | percent | 20 - 80 |  | Thrust Curve mid-point percentage | Set the pwm position that produces half the maximum thrust of the motors
OF_PIT_D | 0.12 | 1 |  | 0.1 - 0.14 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller pitch axis D gain | Compensates for short-term change in speed in the pitch direction
OF_PIT_I | 0.5 | 0.001 |  | 0.25 - 0.75 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller pitch axis I gain | Corrects long-term position error by more persistently pitching left or right
OF_PIT_IMAX | 100 | 1 | centidegree | 0 - 4500 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller pitch axis I gain maximum | Constrains the maximum pitch angle that the I term will generate
OF_PIT_P | 2.5 | 1 |  | 2 - 3 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller pitch axis P gain | Converts the position error from the target point to a pitch angle
OF_RLL_D | 0.12 | 1 |  | 0.1 - 0.14 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller roll axis D gain | Compensates for short-term change in speed in the roll direction
OF_RLL_I | 0.5 | 0.001 |  | 0.25 - 0.75 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller roll axis I gain | Corrects long-term position error by more persistently rolling left or right
OF_RLL_IMAX | 100 | 1 | centidegree | 0 - 4500 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller roll axis I gain maximum | Constrains the maximum roll angle that the I term will generate
OF_RLL_P | 2.5 | 0.001 |  | 2 - 3 |  | Optical Flow based loiter controller roll axis P gain | Converts the position error from the target point to a roll angle
PHLD_BRAKE_ANGLE | 3000 | 1 | centidegree | 2000 - 4500 |  |  | PosHold flight mode's max lean angle during braking in centi-degrees
PHLD_BRAKE_RATE | 8 | 1 | deg/s | 4 - 12 |  | PosHold braking rate | PosHold flight mode's rotation rate during braking in deg/sec
PILOT_ACCEL_Z | 250 | 1 | cm/s/s | 50 - 500 |  |  | The vertical acceleration used when pilot is controlling the altitude
PILOT_VELZ_MAX | 250 | 1 | cm/s | 50 - 500 |  |  | The maximum vertical velocity the pilot may request in CENTIMETER/s
POSCON_THR_HOVER | 724 | 10 | percent | 0 - 1000 |  | Throttle Hover | The autopilot’s estimate of the throttle required to maintain a level hover. Calculated automatically from the pilot’s throttle input while in stabilize mode
RATE_PIT_D | 0.0055 | 0.001 |  | 0.001 - 0.02 |  | Pitch axis rate controller D gain | Compensates for short-term change in desired pitch rate vs actual pitch rate
RATE_PIT_I | 0.07999999 | 0.01 |  | 0.01 - 0.5 |  | Pitch axis rate controller I gain | Corrects long-term difference in desired pitch rate vs actual pitch rate
RATE_PIT_IMAX | 1000 | 10 | percent | 0 - 4500 |  | Pitch axis rate controller I gain maximum | Constrains the maximum motor output that the I gain will output
RATE_PIT_P | 0.07999999 | 0.005 |  | 0.08 - 0.3 |  | Pitch axis rate controller P gain | Converts the difference between desired pitch rate and actual pitch rate into a motor speed output
RATE_RLL_D | 0.003 | 0.001 |  | 0.001 - 0.02 |  | Roll axis rate controller D gain | Compensates for short-term change in desired roll rate vs actual roll rate
RATE_RLL_I | 0.08499999 | 0.01 |  | 0.01 - 0.5 |  | Roll axis rate controller I gain | Corrects long-term difference in desired roll rate vs actual roll rate
RATE_RLL_IMAX | 1000 | 10 | percent | 0 - 4500 |  | Roll axis rate controller I gain maximum | Constrains the maximum motor output that the I gain will output
RATE_RLL_P | 0.08499999 | 0.005 |  | 0.08 - 0.3 |  | Roll axis rate controller P gain | Converts the difference between desired roll rate and actual roll rate into a motor speed output
RATE_YAW_D | 0.003 | 0.001 |  | 0 - 0.02 |  | Yaw axis rate controller D gain | Compensates for short-term change in desired yaw rate vs actual yaw rate
RATE_YAW_I | 0.02 | 0.01 |  | 0.01 - 0.05 |  | Yaw axis rate controller I gain | Corrects long-term difference in desired yaw rate vs actual yaw rate
RATE_YAW_IMAX | 1000 | 10 | percent | 0 - 4500 |  | Yaw axis rate controller I gain maximum | Constrains the maximum motor output that the I gain will output
RATE_YAW_P | 0.17 | 0.005 |  | 0.15 - 0.5 |  | Yaw axis rate controller P gain | Converts the difference between desired yaw rate and actual yaw rate into a motor speed output
RC_FEEL_RP | 100 | 1 | list | 0:Standard<br/>50:Medium<br/>100:VeryCrisp<br/>1000:VerySoft<br/>25:Soft<br/>75:Crisp<br/> |  |  | RC feel for roll/pitch which controls vehicle response to user input with 0 being extremely soft and 100 being crisp
RC_SPEED | 490 | 1 | Hz | 50 - 490 |  | ESC Update Speed | This is the speed in Hertz that your ESCs will receive updates
RC1_DZ | 30 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC1_MAX | 1976 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC1_MIN | 998 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC1_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC1_TRIM | 1483 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC10_DZ | 0 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC10_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:RCPassThru<br/>2:Flap<br/>3:Flap_auto<br/>4:Aileron<br/>6:mount_pan<br/>7:mount_tilt<br/>8:mount_roll<br/>9:mount_open<br/>10:camera_trigger<br/>11:release<br/>12:mount2_pan<br/>13:mount2_tilt<br/>14:mount2_roll<br/>15:mount2_open<br/>16:DifferentialSpoiler1<br/>17:DifferentialSpoiler2<br/>18:AileronWithInput<br/>19:Elevator<br/>20:ElevatorWithInput<br/>21:Rudder<br/>24:Flaperon1<br/>25:Flaperon2<br/>26:GroundSteering<br/>27:Parachute<br/>28:EPM<br/>29:LandingGear<br/>30:EngineRunEnable<br/>31:HeliRSC<br/>32:HeliTailRSC<br/>33:Motor1<br/>34:Motor2<br/>35:Motor3<br/>36:Motor4<br/>37:Motor5<br/>38:Motor6<br/>39:Motor7<br/>40:Motor8<br/>51:RCIN1<br/>52:RCIN2<br/>53:RCIN3<br/>54:RCIN4<br/>55:RCIN5<br/>56:RCIN6<br/>57:RCIN7<br/>58:RCIN8<br/>59:RCIN9<br/>60:RCIN10<br/>61:RCIN11<br/>62:RCIN12<br/>63:RCIN13<br/>64:RCIN14<br/>65:RCIN15<br/>66:RCIN16<br/>67:Ignition<br/>68:Choke<br/>69:Starter<br/>70:Throttle<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will setup this output for control by auto missions or MAVLink servo set commands. any other value will enable the corresponding function
RC10_MAX | 1900 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC10_MIN | 1100 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC10_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC10_TRIM | 0 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC11_DZ | 0 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC11_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:RCPassThru<br/>2:Flap<br/>3:Flap_auto<br/>4:Aileron<br/>6:mount_pan<br/>7:mount_tilt<br/>8:mount_roll<br/>9:mount_open<br/>10:camera_trigger<br/>11:release<br/>12:mount2_pan<br/>13:mount2_tilt<br/>14:mount2_roll<br/>15:mount2_open<br/>16:DifferentialSpoiler1<br/>17:DifferentialSpoiler2<br/>18:AileronWithInput<br/>19:Elevator<br/>20:ElevatorWithInput<br/>21:Rudder<br/>24:Flaperon1<br/>25:Flaperon2<br/>26:GroundSteering<br/>27:Parachute<br/>28:EPM<br/>29:LandingGear<br/>30:EngineRunEnable<br/>31:HeliRSC<br/>32:HeliTailRSC<br/>33:Motor1<br/>34:Motor2<br/>35:Motor3<br/>36:Motor4<br/>37:Motor5<br/>38:Motor6<br/>39:Motor7<br/>40:Motor8<br/>51:RCIN1<br/>52:RCIN2<br/>53:RCIN3<br/>54:RCIN4<br/>55:RCIN5<br/>56:RCIN6<br/>57:RCIN7<br/>58:RCIN8<br/>59:RCIN9<br/>60:RCIN10<br/>61:RCIN11<br/>62:RCIN12<br/>63:RCIN13<br/>64:RCIN14<br/>65:RCIN15<br/>66:RCIN16<br/>67:Ignition<br/>68:Choke<br/>69:Starter<br/>70:Throttle<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will setup this output for control by auto missions or MAVLink servo set commands. any other value will enable the corresponding function
RC11_MAX | 1900 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC11_MIN | 1100 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC11_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC11_TRIM | 0 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC2_DZ | 30 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC2_MAX | 1983 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC2_MIN | 996 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC2_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC2_TRIM | 1492 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC3_DZ | 30 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC3_MAX | 1982 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC3_MIN | 996 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC3_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC3_TRIM | 1000 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC4_DZ | 40 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC4_MAX | 1981 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC4_MIN | 992 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC4_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC4_TRIM | 1486 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC5_DZ | 0 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC5_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:RCPassThru<br/>2:Flap<br/>3:Flap_auto<br/>4:Aileron<br/>6:mount_pan<br/>7:mount_tilt<br/>8:mount_roll<br/>9:mount_open<br/>10:camera_trigger<br/>11:release<br/>12:mount2_pan<br/>13:mount2_tilt<br/>14:mount2_roll<br/>15:mount2_open<br/>16:DifferentialSpoiler1<br/>17:DifferentialSpoiler2<br/>18:AileronWithInput<br/>19:Elevator<br/>20:ElevatorWithInput<br/>21:Rudder<br/>24:Flaperon1<br/>25:Flaperon2<br/>26:GroundSteering<br/>27:Parachute<br/>28:EPM<br/>29:LandingGear<br/>30:EngineRunEnable<br/>31:HeliRSC<br/>32:HeliTailRSC<br/>33:Motor1<br/>34:Motor2<br/>35:Motor3<br/>36:Motor4<br/>37:Motor5<br/>38:Motor6<br/>39:Motor7<br/>40:Motor8<br/>51:RCIN1<br/>52:RCIN2<br/>53:RCIN3<br/>54:RCIN4<br/>55:RCIN5<br/>56:RCIN6<br/>57:RCIN7<br/>58:RCIN8<br/>59:RCIN9<br/>60:RCIN10<br/>61:RCIN11<br/>62:RCIN12<br/>63:RCIN13<br/>64:RCIN14<br/>65:RCIN15<br/>66:RCIN16<br/>67:Ignition<br/>68:Choke<br/>69:Starter<br/>70:Throttle<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will setup this output for control by auto missions or MAVLink servo set commands. any other value will enable the corresponding function
RC5_MAX | 1982 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC5_MIN | 992 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC5_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC5_TRIM | 993 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC6_DZ | 0 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC6_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:RCPassThru<br/>2:Flap<br/>3:Flap_auto<br/>4:Aileron<br/>6:mount_pan<br/>7:mount_tilt<br/>8:mount_roll<br/>9:mount_open<br/>10:camera_trigger<br/>11:release<br/>12:mount2_pan<br/>13:mount2_tilt<br/>14:mount2_roll<br/>15:mount2_open<br/>16:DifferentialSpoiler1<br/>17:DifferentialSpoiler2<br/>18:AileronWithInput<br/>19:Elevator<br/>20:ElevatorWithInput<br/>21:Rudder<br/>24:Flaperon1<br/>25:Flaperon2<br/>26:GroundSteering<br/>27:Parachute<br/>28:EPM<br/>29:LandingGear<br/>30:EngineRunEnable<br/>31:HeliRSC<br/>32:HeliTailRSC<br/>33:Motor1<br/>34:Motor2<br/>35:Motor3<br/>36:Motor4<br/>37:Motor5<br/>38:Motor6<br/>39:Motor7<br/>40:Motor8<br/>51:RCIN1<br/>52:RCIN2<br/>53:RCIN3<br/>54:RCIN4<br/>55:RCIN5<br/>56:RCIN6<br/>57:RCIN7<br/>58:RCIN8<br/>59:RCIN9<br/>60:RCIN10<br/>61:RCIN11<br/>62:RCIN12<br/>63:RCIN13<br/>64:RCIN14<br/>65:RCIN15<br/>66:RCIN16<br/>67:Ignition<br/>68:Choke<br/>69:Starter<br/>70:Throttle<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will setup this output for control by auto missions or MAVLink servo set commands. any other value will enable the corresponding function
RC6_MAX | 1985 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC6_MIN | 992 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC6_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC6_TRIM | 992 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC7_DZ | 0 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC7_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:RCPassThru<br/>2:Flap<br/>3:Flap_auto<br/>4:Aileron<br/>6:mount_pan<br/>7:mount_tilt<br/>8:mount_roll<br/>9:mount_open<br/>10:camera_trigger<br/>11:release<br/>12:mount2_pan<br/>13:mount2_tilt<br/>14:mount2_roll<br/>15:mount2_open<br/>16:DifferentialSpoiler1<br/>17:DifferentialSpoiler2<br/>18:AileronWithInput<br/>19:Elevator<br/>20:ElevatorWithInput<br/>21:Rudder<br/>24:Flaperon1<br/>25:Flaperon2<br/>26:GroundSteering<br/>27:Parachute<br/>28:EPM<br/>29:LandingGear<br/>30:EngineRunEnable<br/>31:HeliRSC<br/>32:HeliTailRSC<br/>33:Motor1<br/>34:Motor2<br/>35:Motor3<br/>36:Motor4<br/>37:Motor5<br/>38:Motor6<br/>39:Motor7<br/>40:Motor8<br/>51:RCIN1<br/>52:RCIN2<br/>53:RCIN3<br/>54:RCIN4<br/>55:RCIN5<br/>56:RCIN6<br/>57:RCIN7<br/>58:RCIN8<br/>59:RCIN9<br/>60:RCIN10<br/>61:RCIN11<br/>62:RCIN12<br/>63:RCIN13<br/>64:RCIN14<br/>65:RCIN15<br/>66:RCIN16<br/>67:Ignition<br/>68:Choke<br/>69:Starter<br/>70:Throttle<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will setup this output for control by auto missions or MAVLink servo set commands. any other value will enable the corresponding function
RC7_MAX | 1900 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC7_MIN | 1100 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC7_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC7_TRIM | 1498 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC8_DZ | 0 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 200 |  | RC dead-zone | dead zone around trim or bottom
RC8_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:RCPassThru<br/>2:Flap<br/>3:Flap_auto<br/>4:Aileron<br/>6:mount_pan<br/>7:mount_tilt<br/>8:mount_roll<br/>9:mount_open<br/>10:camera_trigger<br/>11:release<br/>12:mount2_pan<br/>13:mount2_tilt<br/>14:mount2_roll<br/>15:mount2_open<br/>16:DifferentialSpoiler1<br/>17:DifferentialSpoiler2<br/>18:AileronWithInput<br/>19:Elevator<br/>20:ElevatorWithInput<br/>21:Rudder<br/>24:Flaperon1<br/>25:Flaperon2<br/>26:GroundSteering<br/>27:Parachute<br/>28:EPM<br/>29:LandingGear<br/>30:EngineRunEnable<br/>31:HeliRSC<br/>32:HeliTailRSC<br/>33:Motor1<br/>34:Motor2<br/>35:Motor3<br/>36:Motor4<br/>37:Motor5<br/>38:Motor6<br/>39:Motor7<br/>40:Motor8<br/>51:RCIN1<br/>52:RCIN2<br/>53:RCIN3<br/>54:RCIN4<br/>55:RCIN5<br/>56:RCIN6<br/>57:RCIN7<br/>58:RCIN8<br/>59:RCIN9<br/>60:RCIN10<br/>61:RCIN11<br/>62:RCIN12<br/>63:RCIN13<br/>64:RCIN14<br/>65:RCIN15<br/>66:RCIN16<br/>67:Ignition<br/>68:Choke<br/>69:Starter<br/>70:Throttle<br/> |  |  | Setting this to Disabled(MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,0) will setup this output for control by auto missions or MAVLink servo set commands. any other value will enable the corresponding function
RC8_MAX | 1900 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC max PWM | RC maximum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC8_MIN | 1100 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC min PWM | RC minimum PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RC8_REV | 1 | 1 | list | -1:Reversed<br/>1:Normal<br/> |  | RC reversed | Reverse servo operation. Set to 1 for normal (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,forward) operation. Set to -1 to reverse this channel.
RC8_TRIM | 1498 | 1 | PWM | 800 - 2200 |  | RC trim PWM | RC trim (neutral) PWM pulse width. Typically 1000 is lower limit, 1500 is neutral and 2000 is upper limit.
RCMAP_PITCH | 2 | 1 |  | |  |  | Pitch channel number. This is useful when you have a RC transmitter that can't change the channel order easily. Pitch is normally on channel 2, but you can move it to any channel with this parameter. Reboot is required for changes to take effect.
RCMAP_ROLL | 1 | 1 |  | |  |  | Roll channel number. This is useful when you have a RC transmitter that can't change the channel order easily. Roll is normally on channel 1, but you can move it to any channel with this parameter. Reboot is required for changes to take effect.
RCMAP_THROTTLE | 3 | 1 |  | |  |  | Throttle channel number. This is useful when you have a RC transmitter that can't change the channel order easily. Throttle is normally on channel 3, but you can move it to any channel with this parameter. Warning APM 2.X: Changing the throttle channel could produce unexpected fail-safe results if connection between receiver and on-board PPM Encoder is lost. Disabling on-board PPM Encoder is recommended. Reboot is required for changes to take effect.
RCMAP_YAW | 4 | 1 |  | |  |  | Yaw channel number. This is useful when you have a RC transmitter that can't change the channel order easily. Yaw (also known as rudder) is normally on channel 4, but you can move it to any channel with this parameter. Reboot is required for changes to take effect.
RELAY_PIN | 13 | 1 | list | -1:Disabled<br/>13:APM2 A9 pin<br/>47:APM1 relay<br/>111:PX4 FMU Relay1<br/>112:PX4 FMU Relay2<br/>113:PX4IO Relay1<br/>50:Pixhawk AUXOUT1<br/>114:PX4IO Relay2<br/>51:Pixhawk AUXOUT2<br/>115:PX4IO ACC1<br/>52:Pixhawk AUXOUT3<br/>116:PX4IO ACC2<br/>53:Pixhawk AUXOUT4<br/>54:Pixhawk AUXOUT5<br/>55:Pixhawk AUXOUT6<br/> |  |  | Digital pin number for first relay control. This is the pin used for camera control.
RELAY_PIN2 | -1 | 1 | list | -1:Disabled<br/>13:APM2 A9 pin<br/>47:APM1 relay<br/>111:PX4 FMU Relay1<br/>112:PX4 FMU Relay2<br/>113:PX4IO Relay1<br/>50:Pixhawk AUXOUT1<br/>114:PX4IO Relay2<br/>51:Pixhawk AUXOUT2<br/>115:PX4IO ACC1<br/>52:Pixhawk AUXOUT3<br/>116:PX4IO ACC2<br/>53:Pixhawk AUXOUT4<br/>54:Pixhawk AUXOUT5<br/>55:Pixhawk AUXOUT6<br/> |  |  | Digital pin number for 2nd relay control.
RNGFND_FUNCTION | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Linear<br/>1:Inverted<br/>2:Hyperbolic<br/> |  |  | Control over what function is used to calculate distance. For a linear function, the distance is (voltage-offset)*scaling. For a inverted function the distance is (offset-voltage)*scaling. For a hyperbolic function the distance is scaling/(voltage-offset). The functions return the distance in meters.
RNGFND_GAIN | 0.8 | 0.01 |  | 0.01 - 2.0 |  |  | Used to adjust the speed with which the target altitude is changed when objects are sensed below the copter
RNGFND_MAX_CM | 700 | 1 | cm | |  |  | Maximum distance in centimeters that rangefinder can reliably read
RNGFND_MIN_CM | 20 | 1 | cm | |  |  | Minimum distance in centimeters that rangefinder can reliably read
RNGFND_OFFSET | 0 | 1 | volt | |  |  | Offset in volts for zero distance for analog rangefinders. Offset added to distance in centimeters for PWM and I2C Lidars
RNGFND_PIN | -1 | 1 | list | -1:NotUsed<br/>0:APM2-A0<br/>64:APM1-airspeed port<br/>1:APM2-A1<br/>2:APM2-A2<br/>3:APM2-A3<br/>4:APM2-A4<br/>5:APM2-A5<br/>6:APM2-A6<br/>7:APM2-A7<br/>8:APM2-A8<br/>9:APM2-A9<br/>11:PX4-airspeed port<br/>15:Pixhawk-airspeed port<br/> |  |  | Analog pin that rangefinder is connected to. Set this to 0..9 for the APM2 analog pins. Set to 64 on an APM1 for the dedicated 'airspeed' port on the end of the board. Set to 11 on PX4 for the analog 'airspeed' port. Set to 15 on the Pixhawk for the analog 'airspeed' port.
RNGFND_RMETRIC | 1 | 1 | list | 0:No<br/>1:Yes<br/> |  |  | This parameter sets whether an analog rangefinder is ratiometric. Most analog rangefinders are ratiometric, meaning that their output voltage is influenced by the supply voltage. Some analog rangefinders (such as the SF/02) have their own internal voltage regulators so they are not ratiometric.
RNGFND_SCALING | 3 | 0.001 | m/volt | |  | Rangefinder scaling | Scaling factor between rangefinder reading and distance. For the linear and inverted functions this is in meters per volt. For the hyperbolic function the units are meterVolts.
RNGFND_SETTLE_MS | 0 | 1 | millisecond | |  | Rangefinder reading delay | The time in milliseconds that the rangefinder reading takes to settle. This is only used when a STOP_PIN is specified. It determines how long we have to wait for the rangefinder to give a reading after we set the STOP_PIN high. For a sonar rangefinder with a range of around 7m this would need to be around 50 milliseconds to allow for the sonar pulse to travel to the target and back again.
RNGFND_STOP_PIN | -1 | 1 | list | -1:NotUsed<br/>111:PX4 FMU Relay1<br/>112:PX4 FMU Relay2<br/>113:PX4IO,Relay1<br/>50:Pixhawk AUXOUT1<br/>114:PX4IO Relay2<br/>51:Pixhawk AUXOUT2<br/>115:PX4IO ACC1<br/>52:Pixhawk AUXOUT3<br/>116:PX4IO ACC2<br/>53:Pixhawk AUXOUT4<br/>54:Pixhawk AUXOUT5<br/>55:Pixhawk AUXOUT6<br/> |  |  | Digital pin that enables/disables rangefinder measurement for an analog rangefinder. A value of -1 means no pin. If this is set, then the pin is set to 1 to enable the rangefinder and set to 0 to disable it. This can be used to ensure that multiple sonar rangefinders don't interfere with each other.
RNGFND_TYPE | 0 | 1 | list | 0:None<br/>1:Analog<br/>2:APM2-MaxbotixI2C<br/>3:APM2-PulsedLightI2C<br/>4:PX4-I2C<br/>5:PX4-PWM<br/>6:BBB-PRU<br/>7:LightWareI2C<br/>8:LightWareSerial<br/>9:Bebop<br/>10:MAVLink<br/>12:LeddarOne<br/> |  |  | What type of rangefinder device that is connected
RSSI_PIN | -1 | 1 | list | -1:Disabled<br/>0:APM2 A0<br/>1:APM2 A1<br/>2:APM2 A2<br/>103:Pixhawk SBUS<br/>13:APM2 A13<br/> |  | Receiver RSSI sensing pin | This selects an analog pin for the receiver RSSI voltage. It assumes the voltage is RSSI_RANGE for max rssi, 0V for minimum
RSSI_RANGE | 5 | 1 | volt | 5:5V<br/>3.3:3.3V<br/> |  | Receiver RSSI voltage range | Receiver RSSI voltage range
RTL_ALT | 1500 | 1 | cm | 0 - 8000 |  |  | The minimum relative altitude the model will move to before Returning to Launch. Set to zero to return at current altitude.
RTL_ALT_FINAL | 0 | 1 | cm | -1 - 1000 |  |  | This is the altitude the vehicle will move to as the final stage of Returning to Launch or after completing a mission. Set to zero to land.
RTL_LOIT_TIME | 5000 | 1 | m/s | 0 - 60000 |  |  | Time (in milliseconds) to loiter above home before beginning final descent
SCHED_DEBUG | 0 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>2:ShowSlips<br/>3:ShowOverruns<br/> |  | Scheduler debug level |" Set to non-zero to enable scheduler debug messages. When set to show ""Slips"" the scheduler will display a message whenever a scheduled task is delayed due to too much CPU load. When set to ShowOverruns the scheduled will display a message whenever a task takes longer than the limit promised in the task table."
SERIAL0_BAUD | 115 | 1 | list | 1:1200<br/>2:2400<br/>19:19200<br/>115:115200<br/>4:4800<br/>500:500000<br/>38:38400<br/>9:9600<br/>57:57600<br/>921:921600<br/>1500:1500000<br/>111:111100<br/> |  |  | The baud rate used on the USB console. The APM2 can support all baudrates up to 115, and also can support 500. The PX4 can support rates of up to 1500. If you setup a rate you cannot support on APM2 and then can't connect to your board you should load a firmware from a different vehicle type. That will reset all your parameters to defaults.
SERIAL1_BAUD | 57 | 1 | list | 1:1200<br/>2:2400<br/>19:19200<br/>115:115200<br/>4:4800<br/>500:500000<br/>38:38400<br/>9:9600<br/>57:57600<br/>921:921600<br/>1500:1500000<br/>111:111100<br/> |  |  | The baud rate used on the Telem1 port. The APM2 can support all baudrates up to 115, and also can support 500. The PX4 can support rates of up to 1500. If you setup a rate you cannot support on APM2 and then can't connect to your board you should load a firmware from a different vehicle type. That will reset all your parameters to defaults.
SIMPLE | 18 | 1 |  | |  | Simple mode bitmask | Bitmask which holds which flight modes use simple heading mode (eg bit 0 = 1 means Flight Mode 0 uses simple mode)
SUPER_SIMPLE | 5 | 1 | list | 0:Disabled<br/>1:Mode1<br/>2:Mode2<br/>3:Mode1+2<br/>4:Mode3<br/>5:Mode1+3<br/>6:Mode2+3<br/>7:Mode1+2+3<br/>8:Mode4<br/>9:Mode1+4<br/>10:Mode2+4<br/>11:Mode1+2+4<br/>12:Mode3+4<br/>13:Mode1+3+4<br/>14:Mode2+3+4<br/>15:Mode1+2+3+4<br/>16:Mode5<br/>17:Mode1+5<br/>18:Mode2+5<br/>19:Mode1+2+5<br/>20:Mode3+5<br/>21:Mode1+3+5<br/>22:Mode2+3+5<br/>23:Mode1+2+3+5<br/>24:Mode4+5<br/>25:Mode1+4+5<br/>26:Mode2+4+5<br/>27:Mode1+2+4+5<br/>28:Mode3+4+5<br/>29:Mode1+3+4+5<br/>30:Mode2+3+4+5<br/>31:Mode1+2+3+4+5<br/>32:Mode6<br/>33:Mode1+6<br/>34:Mode2+6<br/>35:Mode1+2+6<br/>36:Mode3+6<br/>37:Mode1+3+6<br/>38:Mode2+3+6<br/>39:Mode1+2+3+6<br/>40:Mode4+6<br/>41:Mode1+4+6<br/>42:Mode2+4+6<br/>43:Mode1+2+4+6<br/>44:Mode3+4+6<br/>45:Mode1+3+4+6<br/>46:Mode2+3+4+6<br/>47:Mode1+2+3+4+6<br/>48:Mode5+6<br/>49:Mode1+5+6<br/>50:Mode2+5+6<br/>51:Mode1+2+5+6<br/>52:Mode3+5+6<br/>53:Mode1+3+5+6<br/>54:Mode2+3+5+6<br/>55:Mode1+2+3+5+6<br/>56:Mode4+5+6<br/>57:Mode1+4+5+6<br/>58:Mode2+4+5+6<br/>59:Mode1+2+4+5+6<br/>60:Mode3+4+5+6<br/>61:Mode1+3+4+5+6<br/>62:Mode2+3+4+5+6<br/>63:Mode1+2+3+4+5+6<br/> |  | Super Simple Mode | Bitmask to enable Super Simple mode for some flight modes. Setting this to Disabled(0) will disable Super Simple Mode
SR0_EXT_STAT | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extended status stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of SYS_STATUS, MEMINFO, MISSION_CURRENT, GPS_RAW_INT, NAV_CONTROLLER_OUTPUT, and LIMITS_STATUS to ground station
SR0_EXTRA1 | 4 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extra data type 1 stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of ATTITUDE and SIMSTATE (SITL only) to ground station
SR0_EXTRA2 | 4 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extra data type 2 stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of VFR_HUD to ground station
SR0_EXTRA3 | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extra data type 3 stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of AHRS, HWSTATUS, and SYSTEM_TIME to ground station
SR0_PARAMS | 10 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Parameter stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of PARAM_VALUE to ground station
SR0_POSITION | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Position stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of GLOBAL_POSITION_INT to ground station
SR0_RAW_CTRL | 1 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Raw Control stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of RC_CHANNELS_SCALED (HIL only) to ground station
SR0_RAW_SENS | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Raw sensor stream rate | Stream rate of RAW_IMU, SCALED_IMU2, SCALED_PRESSURE, and SENSOR_OFFSETS to ground station
SR0_RC_CHAN | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | RC Channel stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of SERVO_OUTPUT_RAW and RC_CHANNELS to ground station
SR1_EXT_STAT | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extended status stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of SYS_STATUS, MEMINFO, MISSION_CURRENT, GPS_RAW_INT, NAV_CONTROLLER_OUTPUT, and LIMITS_STATUS to ground station
SR1_EXTRA1 | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extra data type 1 stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of ATTITUDE and SIMSTATE (SITL only) to ground station
SR1_EXTRA2 | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extra data type 2 stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of VFR_HUD to ground station
SR1_EXTRA3 | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Extra data type 3 stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of AHRS, HWSTATUS, and SYSTEM_TIME to ground station
SR1_PARAMS | 0 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Parameter stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of PARAM_VALUE to ground station
SR1_POSITION | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Position stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of GLOBAL_POSITION_INT to ground station
SR1_RAW_CTRL | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Raw Control stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of RC_CHANNELS_SCALED (HIL only) to ground station
SR1_RAW_SENS | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | Raw sensor stream rate | Stream rate of RAW_IMU, SCALED_IMU2, SCALED_PRESSURE, and SENSOR_OFFSETS to ground station
SR1_RC_CHAN | 2 | 1 | Hz | 0 - 10 |  | RC Channel stream rate to ground station | Stream rate of SERVO_OUTPUT_RAW and RC_CHANNELS to ground station
STB_PIT_P | 0.016 | 0.001 |  | 3 - 12 |  | Pitch axis stabilize controller P gain | Pitch axis stabilize (i.e. angle) controller P gain. Converts the error between the desired pitch angle and actual angle to a desired pitch rate
STB_RLL_P | 0.016 | 0.001 |  | 3 - 12 |  | Roll axis stabilize controller P gain | Roll axis stabilize (i.e. angle) controller P gain. Converts the error between the desired roll angle and actual angle to a desired roll rate
STB_YAW_P | 4 | 0.001 |  | 3 - 6 |  | Yaw axis stabilize controller P gain | Yaw axis stabilize (i.e. angle) controller P gain. Converts the error between the desired yaw angle and actual angle to a desired yaw rate
SYSID_MYGCS | 255 | 1 | list | 252:AP Planner 2<br/>255:Mission Planner and DroidPlanner<br/> |  | My ground station number | Allows restricting radio overrides to only come from my ground station
SYSID_SW_MREV | 120 | 1 |  | | V | Eeprom format version number | This value is incremented when changes are made to the eeprom format
SYSID_SW_TYPE | 10 | 1 | list | 0:ArduPlane<br/>4:AntennaTracker<br/>20:Rover<br/>10:Copter<br/> |  |  | This is used by the ground station to recognise the software type (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,eg ArduPlane vs ArduCopter)
SYSID_THISMAV | 1 | 1 |  | 1 - 255 |  | Allows recognising the mavlink version | Allows setting an individual MAVLink system id for this vehicle to distinguish it from others on the same network
TELEM_DELAY | 0 | 1 | second | 0 - 10 |  | Telemetry startup delay | The amount of time (in seconds) to delay radio telemetry to prevent an Xbee bricking on power up
THR_ACCEL_D | 0 | 0.001 |  | 0 - 0.4 |  | Throttle acceleration controller D gain | Throttle acceleration controller D gain. Compensates for short-term change in desired vertical acceleration vs actual acceleration
THR_ACCEL_I | 1 | 0.001 |  | 0 - 3 |  | Throttle acceleration controller I gain | Throttle acceleration controller I gain. Corrects long-term difference in desired vertical acceleration and actual acceleration
THR_ACCEL_IMAX | 800 | 10 | percent | 0 - 1000 |  | Throttle acceleration controller I gain maximum | Throttle acceleration controller I gain maximum. Constrains the maximum pwm that the I term will generate
THR_ACCEL_P | 0.5 | 0.001 |  | 0.5 - 1.5 |  | Throttle acceleration controller P gain | Throttle acceleration controller P gain. Converts the difference between desired vertical acceleration and actual acceleration into a motor output
THR_ALT_P | 1 | 0.001 |  | 1 - 3 |  | Altitude controller P gain | Altitude controller P gain. Converts the difference between the desired altitude and actual altitude into a climb or descent rate which is passed to the throttle rate controller
THR_DZ | 100 | 1 | PWM | 0 - 300 |  |  | The deadzone above and below mid throttle. Used in AltHold, Loiter, PosHold flight modes
THR_MAX | 1000 | 10 | percent | 800 - 1000 |  | Throttle Maximum | The maximum throttle that will be sent to the motors. This should normally be left as 1000. 
THR_MID | 510 | 10 | percent | 300 - 700 |  | Throttle Mid Position | The throttle output (0 ~ 1000) when throttle stick is in mid position. Used to scale the manual throttle so that the mid throttle stick position is close to the throttle required to hover
THR_MIN | 130 | 10 | percent | 0 - 300 |  | Throttle Minimum | The minimum throttle that will be sent to the motors to keep them spinning
THR_RATE_P | 6 | 0.001 |  | 1 - 8 |  | Throttle rate controller P gain | Throttle rate controller P gain. Converts the difference between desired vertical speed and actual speed into a desired acceleration that is passed to the throttle acceleration controller
TRIM_THROTTLE | 724 | 10 | percent | 0 - 1000 |  | Throttle Trim | The autopilot’s estimate of the throttle required to maintain a level hover. Calculated automatically from the pilot’s throttle input while in stabilize mode
TUNE | 1 | 1 | list | 0:None<br/>1:Stab_Roll/Pitch_kP<br/>3:Stab_Yaw_kP<br/>4:Rate_Roll/Pitch_kP<br/>5:Rate_Roll/Pitch_kI<br/>6:Rate_Yaw_kP<br/>7:Throttle_Rate_kP<br/>10:WP_Speed<br/>12:Loiter_Pos_kP<br/>13:Heli_Ext_Gyro<br/>14:Altitude_Hold_kP<br/>17:OF_Loiter_kP<br/>18:OF_Loiter_kI<br/>19:OF_Loiter_kD<br/>21:Rate_Roll/Pitch_kD<br/>22:Velocity_XY_kP<br/>25:Acro_RollPitch_kP<br/>26:Rate_Yaw_kD<br/>28:Velocity_XY_kI<br/>34:Throttle_Accel_kP<br/>35:Throttle_Accel_kI<br/>36:Throttle_Accel_kD<br/>38:Declination<br/>39:Circle_Rate<br/>40:Acro_Yaw_kP<br/>41:RangeFinder_Gain<br/>42:Loiter_Speed<br/>46:Rate_Pitch_kP<br/>47:Rate_Pitch_kI<br/>48:Rate_Pitch_kD<br/>49:Rate_Roll_kP<br/>50:Rate_Roll_kI<br/>51:Rate_Roll_kD<br/>52:Rate_Pitch_FF<br/>53:Rate_Roll_FF<br/>54:Rate_Yaw_FF<br/> |  |  | Controls which parameters (MAV_PARAM_GROUP.ARDUCOPTER,normally PID gains) are being tuned with transmitter's channel 6 knob
TUNE_HIGH | 32 | 1 |  | 0 - 32767 |  | Tuning maximum | The maximum value that will be applied to the parameter currently being tuned with the transmitter's channel 6 knob
TUNE_LOW | 0 | 1 |  | 0 - 32767 |  | Tuning minimum | The minimum value that will be applied to the parameter currently being tuned with the transmitter's channel 6 knob
WP_YAW_BEHAVIOR | 2 | 1 | list | 0:NeverChangeYaw<br/>1:FaceNextWaypoint<br/>2:FaceNextWaypointExceptRTL<br/>3:FaceAlongGPScourse<br/> |  |  | Determines how the autopilot controls the yaw during missions and RTL
WPNAV_ACCEL | 100 | 1 | cm/s/s | 50 - 500 |  |  | Defines the horizontal acceleration in CENTIMETER/s/s used during missions
WPNAV_ACCEL_Z | 100 | 1 | cm/s/s | 50 - 500 |  |  | Defines the vertical acceleration in CENTIMETER/s/s used during missions
WPNAV_LOIT_JERK | 1000 | 1 | cm/s/s/s | 500 - 5000 |  |  | Loiter maximum jerk in CENTIMETER/s/s/s
WPNAV_LOIT_SPEED | 1000 | 1 | cm/s | 20 - 2000 |  |  | Defines the maximum speed in CENTIMETER/s which the aircraft will travel horizontally while in loiter mode
WPNAV_RADIUS | 200 | 1 | cm | 100 - 1000 |  |  | Defines the distance from a waypoint, that when crossed indicates the wp has been hit.
WPNAV_SPEED | 500 | 1 | cm/s | 0 - 2000 |  |  | Defines the speed in CENTIMETER/s which the aircraft will attempt to maintain horizontally during a WP mission
WPNAV_SPEED_DN | 150 | 1 | cm/s | 10 - 500 |  |  | Defines the speed in CENTIMETER/s which the aircraft will attempt to maintain while descending during a WP mission
WPNAV_SPEED_UP | 250 | 1 | cm/s | 10 - 1000 |  | Waypoint Climb Speed Target | Defines the speed in CENTIMETER/s which the aircraft will attempt to maintain while climbing during a WP mission
